So in the last lecture, we got started with routing,
now I want to continue on this road,
I also want to pull in this CSS file for our material design package because keep in mind, we're
loading this over a CDN too, it's this
URL here and I want to make sure that the images of my posts are not going into that storage
for my Google fonts.
Right now, they do because the
URL also ends with googleapis.com before we have all the parameters thereafter.
So these are the things I also want to do next
and let's start with the CSS package for the material design.
I'll copy this route and now I'll use a different matching algorithm here.
I won't use a regular expression,
instead I'll use an Express style route.
I'll copy this full URL of my CDN,
of this CSS file I'm pulling in and in sw-base. I'll just enter this as a string, not as a regular
expression, as a string.
Now here I don't have any dynamic parameters, though I could of course add them if I wanted to, I could
add dynamic parameters Express style in there,
however here I'm only interested in this full URL, so I can just match this.
I still want to use the staleWhileRevalidate strategy for the same reason as in the first route,
I want to reach out to the cache first but also get it from the internet in case we don't have it in the
cache or we have a newer version on the internet and I want to store it in a separate cache which
I'll name material-css
So with that, we already have that pulled in. Now another thing I want to do though
before we see this in action, I want to also make sure that images related to my posts don't go into
this Google fonts folder.
So I'll add another new route.
Now in this route, I want to tweak the matching pattern,
I'm not interested in gstatic but I am interested if the URL
contains Firebase storage because if we have a look at our network tab here, we see that for all these
images here, if we have a look at one of these requests, the URL basically is
firebasestorage.googleapis.com/ and this means I can match it by adding firebasestorage.googleapis
here, escaped the dot with a backslash and now this should make sure that all images which
we'll use this as part of their URL do use this route.
Now there, I will also use the staleWhileRevalidate strategy,
so basically cache then network with dynamic caching and
I'll store it in a cache name which I'll name post images maybe, whatever you like.
And with that, let's open up the console and let's rerun generate-sw to generate an updated service worker
and back in the application with npm start running,
I'll clear the storage to fetch my updated service worker and reload, reload twice to have the dynamic
assets cached and let's refresh the storage
and there, we already see Google fonts only has three items
now, the fonts and post images has all my post images.
I have 5 posts and 5 entries here stored in it,
so this is great.
Now in the next lecture, I want to have a look at the other options you can pass to your strategies
besides the cache name.